Download (#9683)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

## June 2026

> - **Enhancement:** You can now download files from the <Constant name="studio_ide" /> File explorer. Right-click a file and select **Download** to save it to your computer. For more information, refer to the [<Constant name="studio_ide" /> user interface](/docs/platform/studio-ide/ide-user-interface).

Reviewer: can we add a link to the actual section so users aren't confused and have some orientation?

```suggestion
- **Enhancement:** You can now download files from the <Constant name="studio_ide" /> File explorer. Right-click a file and select **Download** to save it to your computer. For more information, refer to the [<Constant name="studio_ide" /> user interface](/docs/platform/studio-ide/ide-user-interface#basic-layout).
```

> - **Enhancement:** You can now download files from the <Constant name="studio_ide" /> File explorer. Right-click a file and select **Download** to save it to your computer. For more information, refer to the [<Constant name="studio_ide" /> user interface](/docs/platform/studio-ide/ide-user-interface?version=2.0&name=v2#the-side-menu).

Author: ```suggestion
- **Enhancement:** You can now download files from the <Constant name="studio_ide" /> File explorer. Right-click a file and select **Download** to save it to your computer. For more information, refer to the [<Constant name="studio_ide" /> user interface](/docs/platform/studio-ide/ide-user-interface#basic-layout).
```
